there is an evil which I have seen under
there is an evil which I have seen under the Sun and it is common among men a man
the Sun and it is common among men a man
the Sun and it is common among men a man to whom God has given riches and wealth
to whom God has given riches and wealth
to whom God has given riches and wealth and honor so that he lacks nothing for
and honor so that he lacks nothing for
and honor so that he lacks nothing for himself of all he desires yet God does
himself of all he desires yet God does
himself of all he desires yet God does not give him power to eat of it but a
not give him power to eat of it but a
not give him power to eat of it but a foreigner consumes it this is vanity and
foreigner consumes it this is vanity and
foreigner consumes it this is vanity and it is an evil affliction if a man
it is an evil affliction if a man
it is an evil affliction if a man baguettes a hundred children and lives
baguettes a hundred children and lives
baguettes a hundred children and lives many years so that the days of his years
many years so that the days of his years
many years so that the days of his years are many but his soul is not satisfied
are many but his soul is not satisfied
are many but his soul is not satisfied with goodness or indeed he has no burial
with goodness or indeed he has no burial
with goodness or indeed he has no burial I say that a stillborn child is better
I say that a stillborn child is better
I say that a stillborn child is better than he for it comes in vanity and
than he for it comes in vanity and
than he for it comes in vanity and departs in darkness and its name is
departs in darkness and its name is
departs in darkness and its name is covered with darkness though it has not
covered with darkness though it has not
covered with darkness though it has not seen the Sun or known anything this has
seen the Sun or known anything this has
seen the Sun or known anything this has more rest than that man even if he lives
more rest than that man even if he lives
more rest than that man even if he lives a thousand years twice but has not seen
a thousand years twice but has not seen
a thousand years twice but has not seen goodness do not all go to one place all
goodness do not all go to one place all
goodness do not all go to one place all the labor of man is for his mouth and
the labor of man is for his mouth and
the labor of man is for his mouth and yet the soul is not satisfied for what
yet the soul is not satisfied for what
yet the soul is not satisfied for what more has the wise man than the fool
more has the wise man than the fool
more has the wise man than the fool what does the poor man have who knows
what does the poor man have who knows
what does the poor man have who knows how to walk before the living VESA is
how to walk before the living VESA is
how to walk before the living VESA is the site of the eyes than the wandering
the site of the eyes than the wandering
the site of the eyes than the wandering of desire this also is vanity and
of desire this also is vanity and
of desire this also is vanity and grasping for the wind whatever one is he
grasping for the wind whatever one is he
grasping for the wind whatever one is he has been named already for it is known
has been named already for it is known
has been named already for it is known that he is man and he cannot contend
that he is man and he cannot contend
that he is man and he cannot contend with him who is mightier than he since
with him who is mightier than he since
with him who is mightier than he since there are many things that increase
there are many things that increase
there are many things that increase vanity how is man the better for who
vanity how is man the better for who
vanity how is man the better for who knows what is good for man in life all
knows what is good for man in life all
knows what is good for man in life all the days of his fame life which he
the days of his fame life which he
the days of his fame life which he passes like a shadow who can tell a man
passes like a shadow who can tell a man
passes like a shadow who can tell a man what will happen after him Under the Sun